[v6] trailing slash never for endpoints with file extension (#12467)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/endpoints.mdx

export const GET: APIRoute = async ({ params, request }) => {...}
```

> Note that these endpoints can only be accessed without a trailing slash, regardless of your [`build.trailingSlash`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#trailingslash) configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that endpoints whose URLs include a file extension (e.g. `src/pages/sitemap.xml.ts`) can only be accessed without a trailing slash (e.g. `/sitemap.xml`), regardless of your [`build.trailingSlash`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#trailingslash) configuration.
```
I think this is sufficient for the purposes of *this* PR! I don't think we can say "these" here because I don't think this page makes any distinction between routes that will contain file extensions in the URL vs not.
